README.md, before:

# Informations
Thought as a project documentation thingy but decided to take over  
Just some fun coding adventure im on;  
nxc-code.py und blinki-code.py are worked on activly by me (Brie), the rest is kinda ded  
Its simple code to create pictures (and possibly animations) on the nxt-Screen  
(animations arent possible rn, but ill prbly optimize it in the future)  
or to create blinkis  
(both are far from finished)  
its just something i have fun with so yeah, enjoy...  

nxc-code.py is the code for the nxc-drawer  
blinki-code.py is the code for the blinki-maker  
  
You should use str + F and replace 'C:\\Users\\volke\\Downloads\\vscode_plugin\\vscode_plugin\\BLINKI-AND-OTHER-ART\\bitmap.nxc' with whatever directiory you want the temporary file saved in  
  
---
# To-Do
[all] line is 'straight'  **(big thing rn)**  
[all] line differentiation left and right click (once with overwrite (line has definite color or changing))  
~~[all] back a step (Liste bool array)~~  
~~[all] forward a step (after backstep)~~  
[blinki] color change in blinki  **(big thing rn (in combination with UI))**  
[all] copy function  
~~[all] invert (inverts colors, duh)~~  
[nxc(all)] a way to make custom lines/shapes and more shapes  
~~[blinki] Possibly make blinki-code create blinkis directly (export as gifs)~~  
[nxc] effizientere speicherung  
[nxc(all)] Gezieltere bearbeitung (box zum bearbeiten -> Copy und paste abilty?)  
*[blinki(all)] different kinds of opening files (Image/animation)*  
[blinki(all)] potentially single frame editing  

UI;  
    * [all] comments in code
    * [all] show which mode (filling, line, coloring,...)  
    * [all(nxc)] choosing file  
    * [nxc] size interface (for size changes)  
    * [all] help command (nice integration)  **(big thing rn)**  
    * [blinki] and color change interface

Commit message:

too lazy to update rn

README.md, after:

# Informations
Thought as a project documentation thingy but decided to take over  
Just some fun coding adventure im on;  
nxc-code.py und blinki-code.py are worked on activly by me (Brie), the rest is kinda ded  
Its simple code to create pictures (and possibly animations) on the nxt-Screen  
(animations arent possible rn, but ill prbly optimize it in the future)  
or to create blinkis  
(both are far from finished)  
its just something i have fun with so yeah, enjoy...  

nxc-code.py is the code for the nxc-drawer  
blinki-code.py is the code for the blinki-maker  
  
You should use str + F and replace 'C:\\Users\\volke\\Downloads\\vscode_plugin\\vscode_plugin\\BLINKI-AND-OTHER-ART\\bitmap.nxc' with whatever directiory you want the temporary file saved in  
  
---
# To-Do
**[important] update path in blinki so its not my specific path!!!**
[all] line is 'straight'  **(big thing rn)**  
[all] line differentiation left and right click (once with overwrite (line has definite color or changing))  
~~[all] back a step (Liste bool array)~~  
~~[all] forward a step (after backstep)~~  
[blinki] color change in blinki  **(big thing rn (in combination with UI))**  
[all] copy function  
~~[all] invert (inverts colors, duh)~~  
[nxc(all)] a way to make custom lines/shapes and more shapes  
~~[blinki] Possibly make blinki-code create blinkis directly (export as gifs)~~  
[nxc] effizientere speicherung  
[nxc(all)] Gezieltere bearbeitung (box zum bearbeiten -> Copy und paste abilty?)  
*[blinki(all)] different kinds of opening files (Image/animation)*  
[blinki(all)] potentially single frame editing  

UI;  
    * [all] comments in code
    * [all] show which mode (filling, line, coloring,...)  
    * [all(nxc)] choosing file  
    * [nxc] size interface (for size changes)  
    * [all] help command (nice integration)  **(big thing rn)**  
    * [blinki] and color change interface
